Add email to legal notice (#3)
hackupc/legal-page: _documents/legal_notice.md

HACKERS AT UPC reserves the right to modify this Legal Notice at any time and to restrict access temporarily or permanently, indicating in the heading of this Legal Notice the date of the last modification.

> If you do not agree with any updates, please contact HACKERS AT UPC ([contact@hackupc.com](mailto:contact@hackupc.com)).

Author: ```suggestion
If you do not agree with any updates, please contact HACKERS AT UPC ([info@hackersatupc.org](mailto:info@hackersatupc.org)).
```
